Update script_optimized and vulkan_workflow docs with new optimization options (#2163)
pytorch/tutorials: recipes_source/script_optimized.rst

    optimized_torchscript_model.save("optimized_torchscript_model.pth")

> For CPU backend, by default, `optimize_for_mobile` will perform the following types of optimizations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, for the CPU backend, `optimize_for_mobile` performs the following types of optimizations:
```

* `Conv2D and BatchNorm fusion` which folds Conv2d-BatchNorm2d into Conv2d;

* `Insert and fold prepacked ops` which rewrites the model graph to replace 2D convolutions and linear ops with their prepacked counterparts.

* `ReLU and hardtanh fusion` which rewrites graph by finding ReLU/hardtanh ops and fuses them together.

* `Dropout removal` which removes dropout nodes from this module when training is false.

* `Conv packed params hoisting` which moves convolution packed params to the root module, so that the convolution structs can be deleted. This decreases model size without impacting numerics.

> 

Author: We want to add this point here:

* `Add/ReLU fusion` which finds instances of ``relu`` ops that follow ``add`` ops and fuses them into a single ``add_relu``.

> For Vulkan backend, by default, `optimize_for_mobile` will perform the following type of optimization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Vulkan backend,`optimize_for_mobile` performs the following type of optimization:
```

Author: Why was "by default" removed here but not for the CPU section above?

> * `Automatic GPU transfer` which rewrites the graph such that inputs are transferred to Vulkan backend, and outputs are transferred to CPU backend.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `Automatic GPU transfer` which rewrites the graph such that moving input and output data to/from gpu becomes part of the model.
```
